License
=======

Copyright (c)2011 Southern California Earthquake Center (SCEC) and the
University of Southern California (USC). This copyright applies to the CVM-H 
codebase as a whole, or any individual distributed applications, not covered 
by the CVM-H v6.3 Harvard software license. The individual contributions of 
government employees, which may be identified on a per-file basis using 
Subversion (SVN) (see developer site), are in the public domain. 

The software and content provided on this website are made available under the 
terms of the Apache License, Version 2.0. A copy of the License is provided by 
the Apache Software Foundation (http://www.apache.org/licenses/LICENSE-2.0). 

Unless required by applicable law or agreed to in writing, software 
distributed under the License is distributed on an "AS IS" BASIS, WITHOUT 
WARRANTIES OR CONDITIONS OF ANY KIND, either express or implied. See the 
License for the specific language governing permissions and limitations under 
the License.


Disclaimer
==========

THIS SOFTWARE AVAILABLE ON THE CVM-H WEBSITE IS PROVIDED "AS IS" AND ANY 
EXPRESSED OR IMPLIED WARRANTIES, INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, THE IMPLIED 
WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY AND FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE ARE 
DISCLAIMED. IN NO EVENT SHALL THE SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA EARTHQUAKE CENTER 
(SCEC), THE UNIVERSITY OF SOUTHERN CALIFORNIA (USC), OR ANY OF THEIR 
CONTRIBUTORS BE LIABLE FOR ANY DIRECT, INDIRECT, INCIDENTAL, SPECIAL, 
EXEMPLARY, OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES (INCLUDING, BUT NOT LIMITED TO, 
PROCUREMENT OF SUBSTITUTE GOODS OR SERVICES; LOSS OF USE, DATA, OR PROFITS; OR 
BUSINESS INTERRUPTION) HOWEVER CAUSED AND ON ANY THEORY OF LIABILITY, WHETHER 
IN CONTRACT, STRICT LIABILITY, OR TORT (INCLUDING NEGLIGENCE OR OTHERWISE) 
ARISING IN ANY WAY OUT OF THE USE OF THIS SOFTWARE, EVEN IF ADVISED OF THE 
POSSIBILITY OF SUCH DAMAGE. 

Without limiting the foregoing, SCEC and USC make no warranty that: 

1. The software will meet your requirements. 

2. The software will be uninterrupted, timely, secure or error-free. 

3. The results that may be obtained from the use of the software will be 
   effective, accurate or reliable. 

4. The quality of the software will meet your expectations. 

5. Any errors in the software obtained from the CVM-H web site will be 
   corrected. 

Software and its documentation made available on the CVM-H web site: 

6. Could include technical or other mistakes, inaccuracies or typographical 
errors. CVM-H contributors may make changes to the software or documentation 
made available on its web site. 

7. May be out of date and SCEC, its contributors, and USC make no commitment 
to update such materials. 

SCEC, its contributors, and USC assume no responsibility for errors or 
omissions in the software or documentation available from the CVM-H web site. 

In no event shall SCEC, its contributors, or USC be liable to you or any third 
parties for any special, punitive, incidental, indirect or consequential 
damages of any kind, or any damages whatsoever, including, without limitation, 
those resulting from loss of use, data or profits, whether or not SCEC, its 
contributors, or USC has been advised of the possibility of such damages, and 
on any theory of liability, arising out of or in connection with the use of 
this software. 

The use of the software downloaded through the CVM-H site is done at your own 
discretion and risk and with agreement that you will be solely responsible for 
any damage to your computer system or loss of data that results from such 
activities. No advice or information, whether oral or written, obtained by you 
from SCEC, the CVM-H website, its contributors, or USC shall create any 
warranty for the software. 
